Throw GraphQL error when ModelNotFoundException is thrown in CanDirective (#1225)
nuwave/lighthouse: CHANGELOG.md

You can find and compare releases at the [GitHub release page](https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/releases).

## Unreleased

> - Using `@can` no longer throws `ModelNotFoundException` when model is not found. Instead the object returns as null, and a GraphQL error is sent. Status code is also changed to 200.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changes

- Throw user readable `Error` instead of `ModelNotFoundException` when model is not found in `@can` https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/1225
```
